MindSphere goes Insights Hub (#6484)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/appstore/modules/deep-link.md

    * When the value is left empty, the default location is `login.html` (this file should be available in the theme folder).
    * When the login location ends with `=` (for example, in the case of Mendix SSO: `/openid/login?continuation=`), the original deep link location will be appended to the login location.

>     * When using the module with a Siemens Insights Hub app, use `/sso-login.html?redirect_uri=` as a login location (Insights Hub SSO V2.0 and above is required, for versions below V4.0 use mindsphere-login.html).

Reviewer: I find this confusing as we talk about Insights Hub SSO V2.0 and then talk about versions below V4.0.
Are we talking about two different modules here, or is there some other way we can make it clearer?

Author: We talk just about one module here. At least the version V2.0 is needed.
But if you use a version >= 2.0 < 4.0 (old ones) you have to use mindsphere-login.html and not sso-login.

Maybe we do not need to explain how it works with older version. What is the Mendix philosophy? Just talking about the latest and greatest?

Reviewer: I think we should still talk about old versions, but probably rephrase it a bit to make it clearer (to me!)
```suggestion
    * When using the deep link module with a Siemens Insights Hub app, use `/sso-login.html?redirect_uri=` as the login location if you are using version 4.0 and above of Insights Hub SSO. For versions of Insights Hub SSO between version 2.0 and version 4.0 use `mindsphere-login.html` as the `redirect_uri`. Insights Hub SSO below version 2.0 does not support login location on deep links.
```
